Add mysql secure connection function (closes #277) (#281)
GreaterFire/trojan: docs/authenticator.md

# Authenticator

> Trojan servers can authenticate users according to not only passwords in the config file but also entries in a MySQL (MariaDB) database. To turn this functionality on, set `enabled` field in the MySQL config to `true` and correctly configure the server address and credentials,if you enable ssl connect to database you need fill the cafile(sure you can use 3rd-party trusted ca file in debian just like this "cafile":"/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt", https://mariadb.com/kb/en/certificate-creation-with-openssl/#creating-a-certificate-authority-private-key-and-certificate) and tls_version(if have many tls version you need seprate them with comma like this "tls_version":"TLSv1.2,TLSv1.3"), etc:

Reviewer: We should add a reference to https://mariadb.com/kb/en/mysql_optionsv/

> Trojan servers can authenticate users according to not only passwords in the config file but also entries in a MySQL (MariaDB) database. To turn this functionality on, set `enabled` field in the MySQL config to `true` and correctly configure the server address and credentials,if you enable ssl connect to database you need fill the cafile(sure you can use 3rd-party trusted ca file in debian just like this "cafile":"/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt", https://mariadb.com/kb/en/certificate-creation-with-openssl/#creating-a-certificate-authority-private-key-and-certificate) and tls_version(if have many tls version you need seprate them with comma like this "tls_version":"TLSv1.2,TLSv1.3"), etc:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Trojan servers can authenticate users according to not only passwords in the config file but also entries in a MySQL (MariaDB) database. To turn this functionality on, set `enabled` field in the MySQL config to `true` and correctly configure the server address, credentials, and etc. If you would like to connect to the database securely, you can to fill the `cafile` and/or the `tls_version` field (refer to [MySQL Documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/encrypted-connection-protocols-ciphers.html)):
```
